you can't be a scientist that's 100%
efficient if you're a scientist I had
saying efficiency that means you're
discovering nothing new you're not
making any experiments that fail it's
through that failure that we learn it's
the trial and error is that the error
part is usually important and so the
challenge for me is that you don't want
to over specialize you you always want
to be testing yourself and trying to go
wider to make sure that you are not
optimizing prematurely anybody
welcome to impact you're here because
you believe that human potential is
nearly limitless but you know that
having potential is not the same as
actually doing something with it so our
goal with this show and company is to
introduce you to the people and ideas
that will help you actually execute on
your dreams all right today's guest is
the legendary futurist who co-founded
Wired magazine a multiple time New York
Times bestselling author his stunning
and the accurate take on the
intersection of humanity and technology
have made him the de-facto gravitational
center of the very culture of tech
Silicon Valley have called his books
must reads and Hollywood has leaned on
him heavily for the creation of
believable futures his work deciphering
macro trends and technology cannot be
overstated and as the executive editor
and self-proclaimed senior maverick at
Wired he twice led his team to winning
the prestigious National Magazine Award
for general excellence additionally his
own writing has appeared in many
distinguished publications including the
New York Times The Economist Science and
The Wall Street Journal
pretty amazing if you ask me for a
college dropout who traded a formal
education this meant roughly a decade
roaming the deepest recesses of Asia
photographing nearly forgotten people
and they're disappearing traditions and
at one point making ends meet by running
a newsletter in Tehran Iran but this
hands-on approach to life is will
ultimately put him at the center of the
venn emerging world of technology as a
rule he does not just read about things
he experiences them and usually long
before anyone else he was deeply
immersed in the Internet by 1981 he
co-founded the hackers conference in
1984 launch cyber Athan the first
round-the-clock vrj
Marie in 1990 and wrote a treatise on
the biological nature of technology in
94 before most people even had computers
outside of technology he's also a
founding member of or involved with some
of the most profound nonprofits around
including the long now foundation the
Rosetta project which is building an
archive of all documented human
languages and the last which is
exploring how to revive or restore
endangered or extinct species including
the woolly mammoth so please help me in
welcoming the man that Tim Ferriss
called the real-life most interesting
man in the world the best-selling author
of the inevitable Kevin Kelly have you
intro writing intros is a lot of fun for
me it's where I really find the guest
obviously had been very aware of your
work and what you've done but like I
didn't know anything about what you were
doing travelling Asia I didn't know
about your love for photography so in
putting those together I'm really trying
to like get inside what makes you you
and I would say you've lived a really
atypical life mm-hmm what are your
thoughts on building a life versus
finding it or uncovering your passions
inside versus creating them I think
there's really no difference between
inventing something and discovering it
the steps that you take are almost
identical so the language is really not
so important but the main task that you
want to have is to understand that you
have to make it happen that you have to
uncover it or discover it that this is
something that is an option for you and
even for people who may not feel as
privileged as I wasn't growing up I
think that there is far more choice in
how they come to what they want to do
and how they find themselves then they
think at first and it's a long long
process I think I'm an older guy so I
have a nice big long resume because I've
been around a long time
and so I think that's the benefit of
keep going where I've been going which
is mostly trying to find out what it is
that I can do that only I can do that's
the real challenge and that is something
that I think takes your life to figure
out what I find really fascinating is
that you talk about process and the
notion of doing things that only you can
do but at some point it's having to
learn to learn it's getting good at
something it's investing the time to
build a skill set and what did that look
like for you it especially when you did
it it had to have seemed so
counterintuitive just to drop out of
college after a year and I think you
said one of your only regrets in life is
that you actually went for a year so how
is that a regret and then what did it
look like to go explore yeah so you know
I grew up in this 50s and 60s and there
was a little bit more of a sense of a
plant to life there was a sequence a
ladder that you went through an
expectation there weren't things like
gap years or internships you were kind
of a little bit on a theme ride where
you were just going to go to the next
station and so I had kind of more of a
binary choice of you go to college or
you don't
dropping out was was not as cool as it
is today at the time this was a little
bit more of like defeat than it was you
know exercise and self-expression
so I opted out after her instead of
studying for my finals I was reading an
Rand and Atlas Shrugged and The
Fountainhead where there was this
architect who was doing his thing and I
was susceptible to the Whole Earth
Catalog which said you should basically
invent your life and I said I decided to
try and do that to try and see how far I
could go in you know trying to assemble
something that seemed to me to be worth
giving my energy to
was very little sense of success at that
point you know in 1969 1970 the
prospects of not going to college was
mean you were gone a different tract
right this was you were you were not
ever gonna be rich you were not ever
gonna be really successful but that was
okay with me because I just felt that um
it was kind of like the Henry David
Thoreau idea that you would find
yourself and that was enough of the
achievement in life if you could find
yourself and so there was a sense of
like I'm gonna do things because I was
passionate about it and I was passionate
about photography I decided to follow
that where it went with no expectation
that that would ever be a career or lead
to any kind of success and so I have to
say that you know it looks kind of cool
in retrospect but at the time it's kind
of like you know I'm a kid with no
prospects it was no money a lot of time
but that actually in retrospect was
probably the best place to be one of the
things that I cling to I don't know it
because I didn't have the fortitude to
go against the grain like that when I
was younger when I find people that did
I really want to understand like because
I think people watching now live in a
different world where they are going to
have to create their own life yeah but
they still have the familial pressures
of following a traditional track so how
did you have the fortitude to look at
your parents were saying that think of
the example you're setting for your
siblings like and face that down and
well I mean I have to say so as a kid
even though I I was a little I was
always very self-motivated person so as
a kid I had a build a chemistry lab in
my basement I had a nature museum as a
little kid and I had kids in my
neighborhood recruited collecting stuff
for me and so I had a little bit of like
I was doing things on my own to begin
with I was a maker in that sense at a
time when maker wasn't really again cool
or admired in the 1960s and even the 70s
if you told someone that you were
working in a startup that was a way of
saying you were unemployed
the whole point that people wanted to do
is to go work for a big corporation go
through collagen and and arrive at a
place that had a brand name and so so my
efforts to kind of do this again there
was no big plan it was it was more
temperamental orientation that I that I
would like to be motivated by the things
I was interested in and I sort of didn't
care about success at that time that was
not I would never describe myself as a
successful person when I was younger I
was influenced and kind of finding me
and maybe that was my measure of success
and I didn't feel I had found it so I
was on a I was on the process but I
would never have have ever told anyone
that I was trying to be successful that
was not in my vocabulary and I think
that's maybe a more recent framing of
things where we can actually tell people
that you are successful because you have
found yourself that it's independent of
how much money you make is independent
of how much how many followers you have
it's really about whether you have come
to find out what it is that you can
contribute what impact you can have that
no one else will have what I love about
your story is looking back on your life
knowing how successful you become and
how you find your way to the absolute
core of what most people think of now is
like the the center of coolness right
technology the center of wealth creation
technology the center of America's power
Silicon Valley like you've got this
concept of premature optimization right
which I found so interesting mm-hmm
what is it and how do you think that
helped you so the concept of premature
optimization is a very technical fancy
term that comes from biology of all
places and biologists like to think
about the evolution of a species of an
organism over time as what they call
hill climbing so you can imagine a
picture in your mind of a landscape with
hills and stuff
that over time a species is sort of
climbing the hill and at the top of the
hill is maximum adaptation is connect
perfection it's sort of like the giraffe
in the Savannah or the you know starfish
underwater who has found the perfect
place to be for that environment so they
are climbing the hill and the problem is
of course in the real world of evolution
those hills are going up and down
they're changing as one organism adapts
to another there's coevolution going on
which means the hills are changing and
so what can happen with an organism is
that it becomes perfectly adapted to
that hill it's on the top of the hill
the summit is optimized but there's a
bigger hill that's growing up over here
because things have changed and suddenly
they're not on the big hill anymore
they're on a false summit they've
optimized prematurely because they can't
get to the big hill and that's true for
companies companies like Olivetti the
Italian typewriter company could
optimize typewriters but then the word
processors came up with or even a bigger
Hill and they're stuck there prematurely
optimized on mechanical typewriters and
the challenge is for organisms for
organizations for individuals is that
the only way you can get up to the
bigger Hill is to go down is to go back
down that devolve become less perfect
become less optimized become less
profitable what all the things that you
don't want any company or person to do
and so you have to have this period
where you're kind of going backwards
letting go and so the issue always is
that you as you're climbing the hills
you always want to be surveying this
landscape more and more to make sure
that you're not prematurely optimizing
that there aren't bigger you know
mountains decline or if your skill wise
that you are not perfecting a skill
that's going to be obsolete that you are
going wider and wider as you climb up so
that you don't get stuck on the Foss
summit and so the the the the challenge
for me and for others in this world
where things are changing though so fast
is that
you don't want to over specialize you
you always want to be testing yourself
and trying to go wider to make sure that
you are not optimizing prematurely I
love that so much and I really hope
people are listening to that and that
certainly has been true in my life so I
start at my entrepreneurial journey
anyway in technology discover I do not
enjoy that start over after almost a
decade in nutrition have massive success
after almost a decade again transition
out of that and into media and so always
it it is this starting over and you've
got a powerful notion about how useful
and powerful unlearning is what does
that process look like how do people do
that in their life how do they stomach
the downturn and believe that they can
go back up what's that process yeah so
part of the general lesson I would say
from the kind of digital ferment that
we're in right now this kind of constant
upgrading the speed and acceleration of
new things is that all of us are going
to be perpetual newbies we're all new
you know that the the the Millennials
these days kind of rub their hands the
whole word digital natives it was like
yes this year but in ten years from now
you're gonna be a newbie like everybody
else and have to relearn everything and
unlearn what you already knew and so
there is a sense in which constant
lifelong learning is the main node that
you have to be in and that's a part of
learning that the people who study it
understand is that a lot of it is is
unlearning what you already knew kind of
forgetting or trying to overcome
ingrained patterns of thought previously
so you have to sort of like you have to
think differently about things and by
the way that's one of the reasons why I
travel a lot because I find that there's
almost nothing that forces me to unlearn
and think in a different pattern than
traveling in a real sense of kind of
being on the ground and confronting
things that I don't understand that
everybody else understands
you talked about the the shifting peaks
and unlearning but you've also talked
about okay in a world where all this
stuff is moving the thing you have to
get good at is learning to learn and
that really learning a specific skill
may not be as useful as it once was so
what can people that are in the fig job
market now that are gonna get slapped
around by robotics and amber like how
should they be thinking so so you know a
very common question really related that
a lot of parents ask me is well you know
here all this stuff is coming in the VR
what should my kid be studying in school
and I think really there's no language
that's going to survive very long
there's very few even skills that aren't
going to be obsolete by the time you
graduate so most of the jobs that you
will have I'm talking to somebody maybe
who's in the high school right now or
probably jobs that don't exist right now
and so then this idea of well you the
only really skill you want to learn in
say school is the meta skill of how to
learn and what's really interesting to
me is that that's almost taught nowhere
and it turns out that almost nobody
including me really knows how we learn
ourselves so it's not just how to learn
how to learn but how you learn best how
to learn that's a high bar and to do
that it's not going to be something
you're just trying around you need to be
you need to have teachers you need to be
tested you need to be scored you need to
practice there are lots of different
ways to learn so each variety you have
to test yourself and become better in
that and so to actually learn how to
learn would require of require years of
discipline improvement and we don't have
that so that means that neither I nor
you really have have learned how to
optimize our own learning but that
should be the general common thing that
you're gonna be taught in school and
that when you graduate you have a meta
skill of knowing how you learn and
whatever kind of
problem comes up you least know your
best method for learning that I think
that idea is so powerful and one of the
coolest things that I came across while
I was researching you is the book that
you referenced art and fear and pottery
class tell us that because that hit me
like a brick right so so the idea of
about art is that only flawed people
make art and that the way that you want
to do art and the only way you're ever
going to make great art is to do it a
lot and this is true for science for
innovation for business is that you have
to make lots of it you have to do it
again and again and again because that's
really the only way to to get to these
optimization points is by doing again
and again and and the great example to
kind of prove this point was this
professor art professor who had a
pottery class and he gave his students
two choices to be graded and one choice
they could submit one or two pieces and
get their grade evaluated on those one
or two pieces they could put all their
effort into making these as great as I
could and they would be graded on the
worth of those two pieces the other one
he says you can just do it by weight I'm
gonna grade you on poundage how many
pounds of stuff that you make every year
or that by the end of the year he said
what the the remarkable thing was that
at the end of the year almost invariably
the best piece came not from the people
focusing on the few but the people who
are making lots of the pieces okay so
the best piece will always come out of
that lots and I think there is lots of
lessons for us in culture and in
business and just in this sense you have
to kind of come back and repeat and
repeat and repeat because you don't know
what works whatever you're going to do
you just have to do it lots of it and
that kind of goes back to the 10,000
hours of practice that you know this
idea
of mastering becoming a master by doing
it a lot of times and what I think makes
that story so powerful is putting you in
context a bit wired certainly when you
were in charge wasn't so much about the
technology itself as it was the culture
around the technology which then makes
me think how much of Wired was
influenced by this period where you're
finding your voice right so when I think
about somebody watching this and I think
about how many of them feel lost and
they have no idea what to do with their
life your story is this incredible
beacon of there's a process there's a
process don't optimize too early go get
lost you've said that optimization is
overvalued success is overvalued wealth
is over about I mean you've got like
this whole list of all the things that
we all think are like the things were
supposed to strive for so what does it
mean to find your voice yeah yeah you
know I mean I'm taking to heart cuz I
have my son is just graduated from
college next May right and he's been
working very hard he you know his good
grades all the way through school he
always worked hard studies hard he has
internships this every year and so my
advice to him graduating was look you
need to goof off for a couple of years
don't try to get a job you know live at
starvation wages just have enough money
to have beans and oatmeal whatever it is
and goof off just play around imagine
you were a billionaire you know and
you're taking a sabbatical or something
just play a little bit and IIIi think
part of this finding yourself is playing
with no goal that's what play is is
you're you're busy you're doing stuff
the reason why the young is always
discovering new things is they have so
much time to waste
I'm a big believer in in inefficiency
I think efficiencies for robots
efficiencies for the AIS and the robots
the machines and I really think that
people should should be inefficient
deliberately productively inefficient
playing around trying stuff mastering
some video game it takes 50 hours just
because
fun I think that's where the the new
ideas will come that's where the the new
direction so so there there there is
there is a sense in which I really value
that kind of goofing off playing trying
hobbies exploring just because you can
and if you read the biographies of
anybody who's successful they all have
that period of time in their lives when
they were lost didn't know so so I
embrace that sense of being lost I love
that and I really think that people
don't take the time to do that and I
want to put it in the context of
innovation so we've talked really
powerfully about this what's the secret
to innovation and how does play and
getting lost and taking chances and
failing all feed into that yeah so the
first thing I would say about innovation
this is respect to my current interest
in artificial intelligence and what
we'll do as humans when we have lots of
AI the all the processes that we most
value like being creative or exploring
art even human relationships are all
inherently inefficient you can't be a
scientist that's 100% efficient if
you're a scientist I had a saying
efficiency that means you're discovering
nothing new you're not making any
experiments that fail it's through that
failure that we learn it's the trial and
errors that the error part is hugely
important the really big innovations are
always coming from outside and so that
sense of kind of like what would I want
to nurturing the edges trying to be at
the edge of things which again is not
the natural inclination if you want
success you want to be at the center you
want to be where it's happening you want
to be in there the room where it happens
but in fact you don't want to be at the
room where you want to be at the edges
because that is where it's going to
happen however the edges is where all
the failure happens to right so in order
to support innovation you have to
comfortable with failing you have to be
comfortable with things networking you
know you have to be at ease with the
long term saying I know that most of
these are not going to work out and I'm
gonna just accept it there was the
Thomas Edison's great insight when he
made the first idea Factory which was
that most of these are going to fail but
I'm each each time I make a failure I
know something that I didn't know before
and that's an advance and so I think
part of the innovation process is
understanding that most the time is
going to fail that that is the price
that and you have to be really
comfortable with trying things that
don't work so putting that into your
belief that you're always looking for
something that only you can do like what
does that process look like for you and
quite honestly why is it important to
only do something that only you can do
it's a really fair question so I thought
that I think there's kind of like stages
that a normal person who's in say the
workforce entails in the first one that
I was in most people were in is when you
get your first job you were really
concerned about doing the job right
doing it well making sure you don't
screw up and after you accomplish that
and you're at ease with that you then
say well you know I'm I'm good at this
now I think I'd like to go on and start
do things that are fun okay and then you
can do that and then after well maybe
well they're fun I can do them well and
they pay a lot so that's like success
for most people it's like okay that's
well how can it be better I have
something that I like to do I get paid
to it and I do it well and then what
happens though is that they're going to
be maybe more opportunities for you to
do something well and get paid and have
fun and then you you need another
criteria to decide well how do I decide
what I'm going to do and the answer
there is that you really want to look
for the things that no one else is going
to do unless you do them so in other
words if someone else is going to do it
you don't have to do it
so for me that came from my experience
at Wired that this insight where as an
editor mostly mostly what I'm trying to
do is give assignments to writers to
write stories that I come up with and
oftentimes I'd have an idea for a story
that was really good and I couldn't sell
it to any any writer that's okay less
have been a stupid idea but then the
idea would come back to a year later and
I would try to give it away to someone
else and nobody would take it they would
say that's not a very good idea and I'm
thinking I thought it was a pretty good
idea I guess not and they were gonna go
away and then if it came back a third
time I would try it and then I say you
know this is a really good idea I can't
get rid of it I can't kill it no one
else wants it I have to do this idea and
those are always the best ones for me
because it was obvious no one else was
going to do it I couldn't even give it
away I couldn't even pay people to do it
and so those became the best stories
those became the best writing because
there was no one else who's going to do
that I think that idea makes so much
sense when people understand about you
that you use I know I'm going to die as
a waiter like razor sharp in your
decision making two things I find
utterly fascinating one you have the
clock that based on actuarial tables if
I'm not mistaken counts down the number
of days that you're expected to live
just unnerving I think for most people a
future Rama Basin episode on your clock
very interesting but the thing that
really captured my imagination was when
you decided to live truly live like you
only had six months left right what was
that why did you do that first of all
what was that experience actually like
it's kind of complicated about why it
did the only six months to live I would
do better by referring listeners to the
one of the first episodes of this
American Life podcast where I told my
story for the first time and it has to
do with the religious experience in
Jerusalem where I had an assignment to
live as if I'm going to die in six
months and I was very healthy 20 year
old knew that was very unlikely but I
also knew that I absolutely
to do this and so I took it seriously
and I went through the whole thing what
would I do if had six months to live and
I did that and it was I was surprised by
what I did but the important thing of
course is that I didn't die and it came
back and I had a rebirth on that on the
moment when I woke up after the six
months because I was fully a hundred
percent prepared I did everything
gave him a money away all this other
stuff and I was totally prepared for it
and when I woke up the next morning it
was like I was reborn it was like I had
my entire life in front of me again and
so I think that was the part of the
exercise but the thing was as I kind of
I have already kind of rehearsed that
and tried to live since then without any
regrets with trying to minimize the
regrets that I would have when it came
to died so that would not have things to
repair part of what I did in preparing
for that was to go back and try to make
up apologize do all the kinds of things
that you would like to have done if you
were going to die and now I try to do
that kind of like as I go along and I
have the clock to remind me of you know
to kind of focus my efforts during the
day because if you it translates the
time left that I have in two days okay
again these are just based on actuarial
table maybe I'll live longer maybe I
won't but that would be a bonus when you
look at the future of your life and days
there aren't that many days and I find
that that helps me decide you know what
do I want to do today because I have you
know seven thousand eight hundred twenty
days which do everything I want to do
that's not very much one thing that I
found really interesting going into that
story was originally you were like oh I
the the six months too little story I
want to go back and spend time with my
family you do that but after a couple
months you realize you need to do
something different what was that
process would you're under bullets so
I'd spent a lot of time in Asia
traveling all around Asia at that point
but when I had six months to live part
of what I wanted to do was to visit my
brothers and sisters who lived across
the u.s. and had never seen the US so I
rode my bicycle for
San Francisco to New York via Idaho and
Texas and in the end it was it was
really a kind of a 5,000 mile bike ride
and I just bought a bicycle a random
bicycle I had no training I had no
special equipment there were no other
bicyclists riding cross-country in that
year in the 70s
I mean I was by myself there was there
wasn't again there wasn't cool to be
riding bikes and I was I was you know
having a laugh visit with my brothers
and sisters and then I decided that I
really wanted to kind of like do
ordinary things for my parents my mother
had back problems at the time so I
wanted to kind of like take out the
trash for her it was like I was really
surprised by that because I thought I've
had six months to live if you'd asked me
earlier so I'll climb the Everest you
know I want to go you know caving or
kayak down the Amazon but actually I
wanted to do the ordinary things that's
really interesting all right I can't
have a renowned futurist on the show and
not ask what do you think is gonna
happen in the future what does the
future look like how afraid or excited
should we be and what should we be
thinking about that's I like that one
each no technology every new technology
will create almost as many new problems
as it does new solutions and so so we're
gonna hear about the problems that all
these new technologies have from social
media to AI to VR and I think my job is
to really talk about the unexpected
opportunities that these are going to
bring because everyone else is going to
be talking about the unexpected problems
that they'll have and part of my
challenge is that Hollywood and science
fiction writers today almost universally
are painting and promoting dystopian
stories how terrible it will be and
there's not one single movie that I can
think of or even a science fiction story
where it depicts a future in the near
future even that I want to live in or
the
you'd want to live in they're all
dystopian and and harmful because they
make better stories the thing about
storytellers is they have gotten so good
they they understand that that a happy
future is boring and so they're all
depictions of terrible futures and so
are our images about robots and a eyes
are all tainted with this idea that
they're going to be terrible and what
I'm trying to do is to present an
alternative future that has ubiquitous
AI and pervasive virtual reality and
total so the tracking that's the future
that we want to live in because I think
that's what is where we're going I think
we will have a place that is better than
today and even better if we had a vision
that we were working towards and so part
of what I would talk about now how we
should feel about it is that we should
be excited by the whole new
opportunities most of which are going to
be very hard for us to even visualize
right now just as 150 years ago when
there were 75 percent of the Americans
were on farms and now there's like less
than 1% if you went back in the time
machine to those farmers and say here's
your pink slip because your
grandchildren not well none of them are
going to be on this farm and they would
say well what are they going to do and
you'd say they're gonna be mortgage
brokers and web designers and yoga
teachers and they would they would they
would say that's ridiculous
that's that's ridiculous and there are
they are ridiculous in a certain sense
and so most of these jobs that are
coming are also going to be totally
ridiculous to us now they're going to
sound like implausible and I think but
but but but most of those opportunities
are going to be so surprised that
they're going to be new they're gonna be
hard for us to visualize right now but I
think we can't try to prepare ourselves
for those opportunities and that's what
my thing would be it's inevitable that
artificial intelligence will come
it'll be pervasive it's not inevitable
what kind of AI have who rules it who
owns it what governs it what the
character is
those are completely up to us we have no
choice a is coming it's inevitable we
have a whole lot of choice in what kind
how its regulated etc and so it's by
engaging it though that we can steer
it's by actually using it that we
actually can find out so we don't want
to prohibit it we want to be slow to
regulate it we want to embrace it and
use it as a way of steering it right
before I ask my last question where can
these guys find you online my initials
KK so I have a website KK org my email
is kk @ k k org I tweet kind of at Kevin
to Kelly
Facebook I'm the Kevin Kelly with a
laughing face there are a lot of Kevin
Kelly's by the way I have a newsletter
that I'm very proud of every week we
send out six recommendations of cool
stuff to people it's call recommend Oh
kind of like really six brief things of
great things to listen to people to
follow movies to see destinations places
go tools to use apps books i've read so
it's called recommend o try that
definitely be signing out for that final
question what's the impact that you want
to have in the world yeah so what I'm
trying to do is I'm trying to increase
learning increase the joy of learning
helping people to stay lifelong learners
and I my my sermon is about necessity of
remaining young playing trying and
learning and I think that if I had an
impact in increasing giving people
confidence that that's something that
they can indulge in something that they
should devote resources to that they
should be slow to ossify what they know
may be slow to become expert in
something that they would take more time
to try stuff to explore and play and
that's and to embrace the technology
that allows it increases our choices and
possibilities Kevin thank you thank you
guys I'm telling you right now this is
one of the most incredible examples of a
human being that really found his voice
that went on a journey of discovery
cultivation creating something in
himself and the fact that he does that
find something authentic is always
trying to focus on what he can do that
other people can't do what he loves that
it doesn't matter whether other people
respond to it or not it speaks to him
and he wants to indulge in it more in
doing that he's not only become insanely
successful he's really become meaningful
at the center of something that all of
our lives are built around it it's
incredible that that tail is a dropout
hippie who wandered around Asia for
almost a decade taking photos of
beautiful things and heartbreaking
things and uplifting things I mean it's
just incredible and if you ever get the
chance just type in Asia grace into a
search engine and you will get to see
some of the miraculously beautiful
photos that he took with those five
hundred rolls of film that he carried on
his back it is a journey of human
becoming is the easiest way that I can
say it and you can swap out in your own
life
technology was what ended up being his
but yours can be anything but to see
that it is a process a beautiful process
of not becoming a master too early if
you heard what he was just saying to not
think about becoming a master not overly
focused on becoming successful and he
said some of the people that he respects
the most in life as they approach 70 are
still asking themselves the question
what am I going to be when I grow up and
he said that life is about answering
that very question guys dive in you will
not regret it it will shape your life if
you let it all right if you haven't
already be sure to subscribe and until
next time my friends be legendary
take care
[Applause]
everybody thank you so much for watching
and being a part of this community if
you haven't already be sure to subscribe
you're going to get weekly videos on
building a growth mindset cultivating
grit and unlocking your full potential